For project 2 we propose to focus on creating visualizations and descriptive statistic from Political TV Ad Data and additional political demographic datasets. 
We hope to detail what ads are being aired by region and time, how states are voting and correlations between the Political TV ad dataset and current election results.
The current Political TV Ad data have a diverse set of data that looks at not only the presidential primary election, but House and Senate canidates also... dtail out Owen's proposal. 
DETAIL Datasets:
geopy
https://github.com/geopy/geopy

#ons between ads and votes for these subgroups will allow us to reach more robust conclusions about the relationship between ads and electoral support in the 2016 presidential primary.
#what are we trying to say here and where to put this in
#If possible find total paid media for vote
# Do you still want to do this?
Elizabeth would like to explore adding latitude and longitude coordinates to the current datasets and create cluster data visualizations from the location information provided within the datesets. 



Proposal will include a quick write up about the datasets we will use
Political TV ad archive data 
#detail total count(statistically significant?)LUIS would not like to see this in the proposal, but will like to see it in the report
#detail time of ads between 2015 and 2016?
#detail candidates to review and how will group primary election data
Additional datasets: Number of electoral votes, number of popular votes, any form of numbers on the cost of tv ads
then move into analyses 
Link to source of additional datasets: https://www.kaggle.com/benhamner/2016-us-election

Owen would like to focus on the relationship between television advertisements and receiving votes.  This will be done by examining the correlation between number of adds run in a state by groups supporting a particular candidate and the percentage of votes that candidate received.  This will be further broken down by the various types of ads run to reach a more detailed level of analysis.  In the dataset, an ad will count as supporting a candidate regardless of whether it is run by the campaign itself or by an outside organization.  Once the overall correlation between ads and votes has been calculated, the ads dataset will be broken down by the following categories: message, program type, time of day, sponsor type, and state.  The correlaticoordinates of each city and state
Once created start to determine where the most republican and democratic tv ads are, divy up by region, state..
Also focus on when ads are happening and see, with visual, what ads are running at a certain time in the day. Will we find that republican ads happen mostly in the morning, will presidential ads only run in the evening?
Additionally of those campaigning was there an inverse reaction that as more positive tv ad campaigns were posted votes decreased?
